the following video is showing the 12
old deep-cycle marine battery connected
to the harbor rate 750 watt power
inverter which is connected to an
oscilloscope East a pocket oscilloscope
that will basically show the waveform
which is what you're seeing and what
they call a modified sine wave this was
done on a little mini personal scope and
that's the waveform that you will get of
AC from the inverter this is what
actually AC power looks like on the
oscilloscope at 120 volts I'm going to
show you where I connected the probe
wires up to right down there and a power
strip so that's for the record
okay the next test we're going to see if
the inverter Harbor Freight can power
both a Dell XPS with a core i7 processor
in it and an eye ink monitor I'm going
to go ahead and plug the devices in
and in just a moment we're going to see
if they both powerup
okay we're starting with the computer
and computers got its normal boot up
screen
[Applause]
as you can hear the inverter is running
rather hard and the fan is running I'm
going to login to the computer in just a
moment
[Applause]
as the computer is booting up you can
hear the inverter kind of struggling a
little bit keep up with it I'm going to
try to load a typical website right now
like Google News and as you can see the
inverter which is by the way plug into
the back of the computer is able to
power up a full sized desktop computer
and a full-size computer display screen
hello again the next test of our
inverter is going to be a Philips 100
watt light bulb connect it to the
inverter that's going to be our 100 watt
test I'm going to go ahead and power up
the light bulb right now as you can see
the light bulb lights just fine the
noise you're hearing is actually
the fan in the inverter kicking on
so what you're looking at is the light
from the hundred watt Phillips bowl and
the inverter handles that just fine the
next test is a 500 watt halogen light
actually made by Harbor Freight going to
power it up in just a minute I'm just
showing the bulb of the light here we go
starting the light right now
[Applause]
and as you can see the light is working
in full intensity
and it is drawing its power from the
battery
this one light is a good choice for a
dummy load since it does draw a full 500
watts continuously
in conclusion I would say that this
Harbor Freight 750 watt inverter does
operate up to its full specifications it
has two electrical outlets overload
protection and a built in fan and the
battery choice that I picked was a deep
cycle gold from CARQUEST the model
number there is displayed clearly DCG 24
and the beginning of the video I posted
some of the specifications of the
battery the battery is able to handle of
about a 20 amp output for at least two
hours I would estimate now this
particular battery would be very
suitable for charging with the previous
video that I showed of the I believe
it's around a fifteen thirteen to
fifteen watt briefcase solar panel so
you could hook your solar panel up for
this battery and charge it all day long
and then use the battery with the
inverter at night to power your 110 volt
appliances now the battery can also be
used to power anything that is 12 volt
and this would include routers in your
home that use 12 volt power supply
battery chargers just about any other
appliance that uses an AC adapter that
needs 12 volts your 12 volt plug can be
wired directly to these two posts right
here and the battery comes with a bolt
and enough so you can connect your wires
directly to those posts so overall I
would say this is very suitable in an
emergency for a battery backup you
should be able to get several hours of
usage from most appliances and I hope
you enjoyed the